nothing but time
your return to the underworld has been
requested remind
dad that i quit hell because i was sick
and tired of playing a part in this
place
of hell for crying out loud shouldn't
you be spending your valuable time doing
something more significant i'm retired
maze i've got nothing but time
we should be out there solving homicide
and punishing those responsible
you're thinking about it aren't you it's
i wouldn't recommend it i'm like walking
heroin
oh you're the devil correct could you
possibly help me i have the ability to
draw out people's forbidden desires
i got it i got it the name the whole
lucifer thing
and desires like your superpowers
give me one second i just can't
understand why you would save a human
life something different about it that i
don't quite understand and it vexes me
maybe it's not her that's
that's all i did different you i don't
see it come on
i'm now an official civilian consultant
for the lapd
so you're the devil and you've left hell
behind to take a vacation
in los angeles what happened with
lucifer
reaction to someone saving your life
when i see something i can't explain
yeah i look for answers well i've given
you the answer to detect if it's not my
fault you won't accept it you're gonna
have to listen to me too
you like to hide insecurity and humor
don't you what do you think i'm insecure
about
that you are changing that you don't
know what's causing the change yeah well
i think you don't
just enjoy punishing the bad guys i
think you're starting to like seeking
justice
for the good ones you were once the
brightest of all of god's angels and now
your time here on earth is affecting you
dear brother you're changing
my life has changed i saw lucifer do
some things that i can't explain
is lucifer magician that's sort of what
i'm trying to figure out
what do you think i'm insecure about
that you are changing
that you don't know what's causing the
change a who make yourself a dream
detective
no more drinks no more blurred lines no
more trying to sleep with me
and you are naked this is beyond
inappropriate what are you sleeping with
this idiot she hasn't had the pleasure
unfortunately no
hey dan i'm really slowly i'm
disappointed in you something has
fundamentally changed in lucifer we
can get him back to where he belongs if
you could just provide me with a weak
spot
what are you i've been trying to tell
you i'm the devil just shoot me
detective
please because maybe you're finally
ready some of the pizza really hurts
she shot me and i bled i want what's
best for lucifer
give me something that i can use against
lucifer and i'll make sure you're both
back where you belong he doesn't confide
in me anymore
but there is someone he does talk to a
doctor
you're changing becoming vulnerable
maybe even
oh maisie i know that you'll always
protect me no matter how mortal i've
become
devil can depend on that hello there
neighbor
i actually need someone to confide in
about a patient and hey listen if you
have any patients you need to talk about
you have no idea right
there was a case a shooting on palmetto
street malcolm got shot meeting up with
some gang members palucci thinks he took
the bullet like a hero
i think he was on the take container
went missing security cameras were
disabled
what container the container someone's
got them as a kin
someone's got my wings
you are stabbing hard at something
that's just not there
there's gotta be an explanation for what
i saw dan there has to be
it's my duty to return the wings where
they belong as in part of you long to
assume your form
not exactly
chloe this could mean a lot of things it
means a cop knew the secret passageway
existed dan
what is it 999 key lapd issued
i was right you betrayed me mace lucifer
i don't want to hear
it we're done i could have
told everyone the truth you shot me or
didn't you
because i got big plans for you you
people come to me to ask for favors and
more often than not i'm happy to oblige
will you get
a devilish iou if you will who wouldn't
take a deal like that
they all do all i have to do is wait for
some pitiful thug to
end you and right back to hell you go
what do you want from your macro you're
gonna go into evidence and
borrow something for me are we done not
by a long shot
so you are the doctor you're just as
lucifer described
i like you enjoying the life i gave you
do
you want to go back who do you want me
to kill
lucifer morningstar it would seem that
i'm
saying no oh god mr morningstar deserves
everything he gets
but i can't let you kill him
leave the bottle i had sex with your
brother
that puts you in my good grace as hell i
was his inside woman
and now i'm yours hi devil this is my
pentecostal coin
subway token for the dam it's all yours
if you don't
shoot me don't worry i'll answer freight
and he ended it with me tonight
with a text why is it that sometimes i'm
immortal
and other times i'm all too human
appears that you make me vulnerable
you did this you killed those people i
did this for you
are you happy why would i be happy you
sent your demon to heal me
you know exactly what's causing your
vulnerability chloe decker is the one i
should be throwing nice
demon daggers forged in hell don't count
we all know those
prick the last place the preacher was
seen was near lux
put your hands up mr
morningstar you're under i've arrest
my fun on earth and
there's no reason for me to stay anymore
and i also know you're right
who's innocent i need to find malcolm
and i need to send him back to hell
lied to me i don't even know you you
shot a man
in cold blood i shot a malcolm to
protect you everything i saw at palmetto
it was all true
wow i mean wow
i could tell it was something special
but i had no idea that was going to work
what happened he was struck with a blade
not of this world mate
one of mine i'm not here to arrest you
lucifer
i know you're innocent i always have
you took that from lucifer i kept it a
secret
i'm here to turn myself in what are you
doing
i removed the firearm from evidence
lockup and i gave it to detective
mallory graham
here say hi
hey mommy malcolm has trixie
wow if i get him his money he'll let her
go
i bet you never expected to miss this
thing so soon
if you're up there
dad i need a favor
oh i asked
except you protected
[Music]
this is impossible
you're looking for this
i know a guy
apparently he wants me back here
someone's escaped from hell
must have seen a window of opportunity
whilst you were incapacitated
who escaped hell
[Music]
mum
you